Add troubleshooting docs (#488)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Report an issue to help us improve
```

title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

> **Describe the bug**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe the issue**
```

> A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what the issue is.
```

> **To Reproduce**
> Steps to reproduce the behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Steps to reproduce the issue:**
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

1. Use this code '...'
2. Run '...'
3. See error

> **Attempted Resolutions and Workarounds**
> All things attempted to resolve the issue or any workarounds found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Attempted solutions and workarounds**
Describe what you've tried to solve the issue or any workarounds you've found.
```

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> **Environment (please complete the following information):**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Environment**
Complete the following information:
```

> - OS: [e.g. iOS, Windows]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OS version: [for example: iOS Big Sur or Windows 11]
```

> - Go Version: [e.g. 1.6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go version: [for example, 1.6]
```

> - splunk-otel-go Version: [e.g. 1295520, v0.1.0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- splunk-otel-go version: [for example, 1295520, v0.1.0]
```

**Additional context**

> Add any other context about the problem here (i.e. debug logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional information about the issue, like debug logs or screenshots. Redact or remove any sensitive information before sharing this information.
```
